[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Allow yourself to do the
things that bring you joy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You will naturally open and be
in a state of allowing and more
in the flow.
And it's so simple
that oftentimes you
want that more difficult way.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
But as you go deeper
into the moment
and begin to feel it
expand, and you're
more aware of where you continue
to enforce your limitation,
versus empower yourself
to be all that you are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In your daily life, when
you find yourself triggered
or reacting or in
resistance or in judgment,
teach your body to stop
and become present.
What is it that you want?
And more importantly, what
is it that you want to feel?
And really feel it.
And you will see your ability
to transcend all the unwanted
without having to fight
or push against it.
But to align with the
truth and the power
and the energy that is you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And then focus that in
the force field, which is
the environment all around you.
That's where reality is
being created for you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Sara.
>> Hi, Reuben.
>> We're going to do
some chaneling here--
>> Great.
>> And bring in the Council.
>> Wonderful.
>> What's your process?
How do you bring them in?
>> So I just close my eyes and
allow my consciousness to sort
of step outside and
take a few deep breaths.
Usually about
three deep breaths,
and the Council will come in.
And if you and the listening
audience can kind of also
be in that moment.
Just close your eyes
and take a deep breath,
you can maybe even feel for the
energy coming in as they do.
If someone's new to channeling
and they've never seen it,
my eyes are closed, and my
voice changes a little bit.
The cadence of my speaking
changes a little bit.
But I tell people, even when
they're watching an interview,
the more they can just
really take a deep breath
and feel for the
energy coming in,
it's an incredible experience.
And while the words
and the wisdom
and all the wonderful
things that they say
are so incredible for
everyone, no matter
when you're listening
to it or watching it,
it is bringing in a
frequency and vibration
that you can feel no matter
where you are as you're having
the experience here with us.
So have fun with it.
Enjoy it.
And I'm so excited to share
this with you and your audience.
>> Thank you.
Are you present?
Are you aware of what's
happening in the moment
or do you go completely out?
>> I am.
It's a much different
perspective.
It's a much different awareness.
It's like my consciousness
merges with theirs,
and I see things from
a much broader level.
I've done many of sessions
that were emotional,
either extremely
positive or some
that people were dealing with
some really emotional things
during the session.
And from that state of
consciousness with the Council,
everything is known.
And from that
perspective, there's
no forgetting of who you are
and the divine eternal being
that you are.
And so there is not a sadness.
They don't go into
that grief or sadness.
So when I am receiving
them and channeling them,
I experience it from
that perspective as well.
Just knowing that all is well.
That there's nothing wrong,
and that there's nothing wrong
certainly with you or
anyone listening to it that
may be going
through a huge shift
or transformation in
their own consciousness,
no matter what emotion
comes up during that.
>> Awesome.
Well--
>> But it'll be fun.
>> Well, we'll see how emotional
it gets today, but, yeah,
it's pretty much just trying
to explore certain aspects
and explore the Council
and explore this world.
And to find out more about
our world and how it works.
>> Absolutely.
>> Perfect.
>> Great.
You're ready to go?
>> Yep.
>> All right.
Here we go.
>> Cool.
>> We are so pleased
and delighted to have
the opportunity to speak
with you on this fine day,
our dear and wonderful friend.
How are you?
>> Very good.
>> Indeed.
We tell you that while our
words to you are important,
this is a vibrational experience
to remember the truth of who
you really are and why you are
here in this life experience
and what you intended
when you chose
this magnificent adventure
of coming here into form.
The eternal, ever-present
being that you are,
here focused in the
human experience
for the joy of it all,
for the opportunity
to explore multiple
different experiences
in form, multiple different
dimensions in form.
And then to remember the
multi-dimensional nature of all
that you are so
that you can begin
to understand your
limitless potential here
in this human experience
to do and to be
and to have all
that you are here
in this experience with you.
You are everything
you wish to be.
You already are, indeed.
It is all within you.
>> So with that
said, in your words--
and you kind of said this
just now-- but in your words,
what is the human experience?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The eternal, ever-present,
limitless being of light that
you are, and you focus
yourself into form.
Most of you think that the
experience of transitioning out
is the part that is sad or
difficult or full of grief
and sorrow for you.
But taking the huge, expansive,
magnificent being that you are
and focusing yourself into form
is a much more heavy experience
sort of say than the last
breath that you take,
where you transition into higher
dimensions of consciousness.
But all that separates you from
any dimension of consciousness
is one single breath, truly.
Breath is life.
And from the moment you
take your first breath,
till the moment you
take your last breath,
there will be a breath
in every moment for you.
And it is in that
breath that you
may remember all of what you
are and why you are here.
And while from your perspective
in the human experience,
you are perceiving most often
through your physical senses
what you see, what you hear,
what you taste, what you touch,
what you smell, and even
what you think is a sense,
is a physical sense of how
you interpret your reality.
And that's what you think
is really going on here.
But the truth is there so, so,
so much more going on here.
And the more you allow
yourself to align
with all that is here for
you, the more glorious
your life experience will be.
You move into this dimension
of consciousness, this density,
this state of
consciousness where
you are focused in form not
so much to learn lessons.
And maybe that was
true at one time.
You're also not here so much to
right the wrongs of your past,
even though that may have
been true at one time.
You are also not here
to save a broken world.
You might wish to be the change
you wish to see in the world,
but you're not here to
save or fix the world.
You're here to be
all that you are,
and you are here to fully
awaken and self-realize
all that you are.
Imagine bringing all
of that here and now.
You would not want for
anything ever again.
You would not need from a
state of lack or not enough.
You would be in the fullness and
the wholeness and completeness
of all that you
are, and you would
take that big magnificent being
with you everywhere you go.
And you would not have to go
after and take massive action
and make anything really happen.
You could allow it
all to come to you.
And that does not mean
that you would not
pursue the things you enjoy.
That does not mean that
you would not take action,
but it would be from the place
of alignment and inspiration.
And what you would see
from our perspective
is this broad
expanse of light that
is your force field, that
extends from you, depending
on how much you are
allowing in every direction.
And you would never
question why everything
was coming to you, because
you would see the force
field of light that you were
drawing experience from,
which means all of the
resources, all of the ideas,
all of the inspiration,
all of the connections
that you could
ever need and more
are here for you in this moment.
You are moving through
an experience based
on the level of light
that you are allowing
or the energy that
you are allowing.
And we know that you have
many questions about energy,
and we will answer your
specific questions.
But you are the energy
that creates worlds.
Everything is already created.
Everything that will ever be
needed is already created.
Your job is to align with
it and draw it to you.
You do not get in this life
what you want as much as you
get what you are.
And you get more
of what you are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Going back to the beginning
of the human experience
and developing these five senses
at childbirth or before birth
in conception, we have a lot
of controversy right now,
especially in our political
arenas around abortion.
And at what age and what
time and how does this work.
And I'm wondering
if the Council had
anything to say about
is there a right time?
When does the actual life
force enter into the womb,
and how does that work?
>> With any and all issues that
you consider issues that either
need to be solved or have
multiple different opinions
or what some believe is
right and wrong, understand,
anytime you are associating
right and wrong with anything
in your human experience, you
are automatically limiting it
and you will at
your own suffering.
When you think you know what
another soul's journey should
be, which means what is
right and wrong for them.
Now, we agree that
some of you would
say that to take the life
of anything is wrong,
and there is others
that would say
that something unwanted moving
into the human experience
where you have a choice
early on is right.
The most important
thing we want you
to receive from
us in this time is
understand that your
power in the moment
will always guide you
clearly to the highest truth.
The reason issues like
this are so heated
is because for
many, they are not
facing the real situation or
the reality of having to choose.
You are all here in an
experience of free will.
You can call it an experiment
of free will if you choose,
but you are all
here with free will.
And then you want to
impose your will on others
because you think you know what
is right and wrong for others.
>> Right.
>> And you also believe that
what others choose has any
impact of your life.
And you will cause a
great amount of suffering
and distraction and frustration
and resistance and reaction,
which is what will keep
you from your own joy,
your own peace,
the love that you
are when you go around
trying to solve all
the wrongdoing in
the world because you
think you know what is right.
There is no wrong and bad
the way you think it to be.
But you will always at
your own suffering when
you try to choose for another.
Whether it is your partner
who you dearly love
or a group of people,
where you think
you have more awareness
and more knowledge
and you try to choose for them.
You will always be giving
away your own freedom.
We would tell you all in
the example of abortion
that you all have
the right to choose.
And if in your own
experience, you have a belief
and you choose in
alignment to that belief,
you will feel a sense
of peace in your choice.
>> Right.
>> And so the experience of a
soul coming into form is not
an accident.
It's not an accident.
And if a being was in
trajectory to move into form
through a particular portal
of a being or a human,
it is a great,
wonderful thing to agree
to be a mother or
a father, to be
a vessel by which
a being would come
into this human experience.
And the greatest gift
that you give is life.
So for those who believe
life is the answer here,
we agree that the most
wonderful gift that you give
is the gift of life.
What a beautiful thing.
And you often think that
you have chosen your parents
because of what they are going
to give you and do for you.
But the truth is, oftentimes
you choose your parents
for what they don't give
you so that you will develop
your clarity around what
is most important to you,
often in the absence of it.
But you don't like that
very much because you decide
what a perfect
mother is, and you
decide what a perfect
father is, even
though there is no such thing.
You collect the
data and information
from what you see everybody
else's parents doing,
and then you judge and
compare your own parents
to what they should or
shouldn't have been doing,
which will always cause
resistance and reaction.
If you can shift back to the
absolute joy and appreciation
for the opportunity
to move into form--
and we tell you,
for some of you who
think that you have come here
as some sort of punishment
or that you're fallen
angels or that you're here
to get it right because you
didn't get it right in the past
or that you're here to save the
world, it's not that at all.
You are here to be part
of this time here and now.
There is a part of you, the
multi-dimensional part of you,
the extra-dimensional
part of you,
that has already fully
awakened and self-actualized
and reemerged the source.
The light and the
adventure and what
you experience on your own
path and your own journey
to self-realization or ascension
or expanding your consciousness
and form.
And as you expand your
own consciousness,
as you more fully awaken
to all that you are
and what is possible for you,
you make it easier for others.
You expand the potentials
and possibilities for others.
And that's a wonderful
thing, but it never
was your job to tell
them how to do it
or what choices
they should make.
You are here as way-showers.
You especially, your
crew, all those watching,
you are here to show others
that a better way is possible.
Expand awarenesses,
expand consciousness.
But, in all of
that, do not forget
that expanding the
peace within you,
expanding the joy
within you, expanding
the love and the abundance
and the well-being
and the creativity and the
excitement and the enthusiasm
within you should always
be your greatest mission.
You are here to express
all that you are in form.
And the more you focus
on greater levels
of your own self-expression,
the more delightful
you will find this
human experience to be.
>> I think with that, you
just answered my question,
but I'm going to throw
it out there anyways.
What is the most
practical way to--
in a world of laws, right
now in our political reality,
we're trying to figure this
abortion thing out and all
this stuff, and you
sort of answered
the question of how to apply
that on an individual level.
But collectively, is there--
how do we let everybody choose
their own way, when yet we
are structured reality
of laws and governments
and these things are
so structured, right,
and don't allow for these
types of greater freedoms.
How do we move and
navigate in that structure?
And I think you kind of answered
it with the individual thing,
but if there's anything
just to follow up.
>> Let's give you the
highest perspective first.
>> Yes.
>> First off, as sovereign
beings, fully realized,
free to be all that you are,
you do not need laws to tell you
not to harm each other
and act unconsciously.
>> Absolutely.
>> Your laws are merely based
for and based in a level
of consciousness
unaware of your power.
And not power to control
others or to manipulate
or to push an effort,
but your power that
is the enemy within you.
So your laws are based--
your human laws are based
on a third dimensional state
of consciousness, if you
wish to call it that.
Where you in that state
of consciousness, you
look at your body, you look
at others bodies and you say,
well, we are separate.
We are different.
I am me.
I am the personality that I
know is me, and you are you,
the personality that you know
is you, so we are separate.
The basis of that dimension of
consciousness is separation.
And in separation, there is
lack, there is not enough.
There is prejudice, there is
judgment, there is suffering,
there is fear,
there is limitation.
And so long as you are in that
dimension of consciousness,
you will not get
rid of those things
that exist in the third
dimension of consciousness.
And so don't try
to change the laws.
Don't try to change
the political system.
Don't push against it because
you're just creating resistance
and reaction.
Go to the higher
state of consciousness
and move your being,
your thought process,
your experience into a higher
dimension of consciousness,
where you begin to
live in alignment
with spiritual
and universal law,
which is based on freedom,
which is based on love.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right.
Can you just double-check
the focus on that one?
Good.
And we're rolling.
And we're just talking
about the laws in--
universal laws, following the
universal laws individually.
>> So universal laws are
always available to you.
And from that
perspective of alignment
to a state of
consciousness where
you are allowing
your life to unfold
based on spiritual
universal laws,
and you are aligned with that.
The basis of that is freedom.
The basis of that is oneness.
You understand that you cannot
harm another with automatically
having done harm to you
before any external experience
occurred.
That is karma.
What you do to another
is automatically
done onto you, which
means any sort of harm.
Understanding that the more
you raise your consciousness
and awareness, and you
all operate from alignment
to a greater sense of awareness,
in the state of allowing
your own energy
to serve you, you
move through this
human experience
in a much different way.
And there is no need for
political agendas and laws.
And we do not say that with
any judgment whatsoever
from our side.
If you are still very
much tied into what
is going on in the
political systems,
in your economic systems, your
taking your consciousness down
into that dimension.
And it's never going to
feel very good to you
once you have been in these
higher states of awareness.
Now, we wouldn't
push against it.
We wouldn't resist it.
We would practice your oneness,
the wisdom that you have,
the awareness that you have.
So if you are sitting
and watching someone
that is, let's just say, in a
political office that triggers
you a bit or a leader of
some country or even a person
in your life or often someone
that you love triggers you,
if you can begin
to be aware of what
about it is triggering
you, something about it
is deeming you powerless, or
you are choosing in that moment
to go into a story
of why you are
a victim or powerless
over your situation,
it will always cause
you to get triggered.
There's no better time for
you to remember the power
within you, because you
have the opportunity
to witness all sorts of
events and occurrences
that are not happening
really truly in your reality.
And in those moments,
you can choose
to be the truth of who you
are instead of reacting to it.
If all of a sudden,
you all stop giving
all of your attention and
energy to the unwanted,
it would fade away.
>> Right.
>> It would, really.
The reason that you have so much
oil production on your planet
now is because you've just
been pushing against it
and fighting it.
And if you don't like something,
don't give it your attention.
You are voting with
your attention.
When you talk about it, when you
talk about how much you don't
like it, when you go
out and post things
or write things that
are against something,
you're giving it your attention.
>> Absolutely.
>> So if you stop giving it your
attention or you focus on what
you want more of, you'll
get more of what you want.
So tell us what you want.
What do you want to
see in your reality?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You said-- not right now,
but you've said in past that all
energy already exists, that
we're not creating anything.
Could you elaborate on that?
>> It's not that
you're not creating.
Because you are creating
in your experience.
But you think that when you want
to have more money that you've
got to create the money.
You don't.
You just need to draw it to you.
Your consciousness is the
greatest wealth on the planet.
Your wisdom is what will
make you the wealthiest
person on this planet.
Your own power.
Using your energy.
Fully allowing your energy.
You talk about
energy as it relates
to alternative resources,
to fossil fuels.
And we understand you and agree
with your care for your planet.
We would say this one thing--
so many times, we hear you say,
I'm worried about someone.
I'm worried about the planet.
I'm worried about
the environment.
It deems you powerless.
Worry is so disempowering.
What do you get from worrying?
Nothing.
Feeling worse.
Feeling awful, depressed,
powerless, stuck.
Worry does nothing.
Why are you worried?
Because you care.
>> Sure.
>> Why do you care?
Because you love
nature, because you
love others, because
you love the animals.
When you say, I love this
planet, I love the oceans,
I love the animals,
that feels really good.
When you say, I'm really
worried about the planet,
we understand what
you mean, but you're
deeming yourself powerless
over what you want.
When you love it and you
focus that incredible source
energy that is you in
the direction of anything
that you have your
attention focused on,
you are far more powerful
and you can feel it.
So it's not that you're not
creating, you are creating.
If you took out a piece
of paper right now,
you drew us a pretty picture,
you created that picture.
But oftentimes, you think
what you want is something
that you have to create.
And we're telling
you, it's all here.
It's all been created.
Everything that you're
ever going to need and more
is here now.
However, as you expand, you
are always becoming more.
We say that you, in your own
human journey, you're perfect.
The being that you are,
the soul, the eternal being
that you are, you're perfect.
Yet you're always expanding
and becoming more.
The universe is expanding,
consciousness is expanding.
You're expanding
and becoming more,
but not because
there's not enough.
Again, the not
enoughness is based only
in a dimension of separation.
So you're creating, but
you didn't create the roses
in the yard.
You didn't create the tree.
You didn't create the planet.
You didn't create the stars.
You didn't create the sun.
You didn't create the moon.
Well, you sort of did, but not
for the way you're saying it.
You are actually the energy
that creates worlds and created
this world, but it wasn't
your singular consciousness
or your own intellect
that created it.
We would say that you are
part of the intelligence that
created it all.
>> Sure.
>> The same intelligence
that somehow determined how
precisely perfect to place the
planet in relation to the sun
so that you can have life here.
>> Right.
>> It is also what beats your
heart and grows your hair
and your skin and
blinks your eyes.
And there is intelligence here.
>> Right.
>> And you don't have to figure
it out for that intelligence
to work for you.
You don't have to
figure out how to draw
to you all that you are.
Your only job is to
get into the flow
and allow it to come
open to your energy.
Very few of you on
this planet have fully
realized how to open
to your own energy.
But when you do, amazing,
extraordinary, miraculous
things will become
possible for you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Tell us what color peace is.
>> Hmm.
First instincts, it's gray.
>> Peace is gray?
>> For me.
>> Very good.
So if you go into your
heart and into your being
and you activate
the color of gray,
and you begin to feel that
color coming from within you
in the area around your heart,
that is your power sourceness,
your power center,
it's the engine sort
of say in your heart.
And you begin to
expand that light that
is coming from your
heart, your power source.
And it's expanding from
you in every direction.
To the top of your head to
the bottom of your feet,
out your fingertips so that
every cell in your body
is aligned with peace.
And now you are
invoking the color
gray into every
cell of your body.
And now the light is expanding
from you in every direction,
emanating that color gray.
Or it may even appear
silver to you at this point.
And it expands in
every direction
until you realize that
you have this force
field all around
you, and it's coming
from you and through
you and to you,
emanating in every direction.
And now you are infusing the
frequency of peace from you
in a force field that expands
as far as you can focus.
And you have the ability
to do this with anything.
Did you just create peace?
Yes.
It was already
here, but you took
your focus and your
intention and you moved it
into your experience, and
you also moved it into form.
So that is your power to create.
You can draw, you can color,
you can create beauty,
you can create beautiful
music, you can dance.
All is part of creation.
But the real understanding that
we want to get across to you
is, it's not that you have
to create so much the thing
that you want.
It is drawing it
to you, and then
understanding that
you have the power
to focus from the core of
your being in the force field
all around you that
which you want.
And that what you want
more of in your world.
You understand?
>> I understand.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We are ready to
begin, our friend.
>> All right.
So the Council has come
through in the past talking
a lot about the fifth
dimension, and different beings
have different definitions
of dimensions and densities.
And I'm just wondering
if the Council could
go into their version of
what is the fifth dimension
and the importance of it.
>> We begin by telling you
as it relates to dimensions,
we don't say it to you in a way
to create a hierarchical order.
That all of a sudden I'm
focused on the fifth dimension,
or I feel myself in
it and therefore I'm
better than those that are
in the fourth or the third.
There's no one in
any dimension ever
that believes themselves to be
of higher order than any other,
no matter what dimension of
consciousness they are in.
If you are in the understanding
of unity consciousness,
you realize we are all one, and
we are all here for each other.
Some of us stay on
this side or our side
so that you do not forget
the truth of who you are.
We are here for you.
We are in a higher
dimension of consciousness,
and the experience of
channeling for most all
is one that can raise
their own frequency
to be able to access higher
dimensions of consciousness.
And we focus in such a way that
we can meet you vibrationally
and the one that you
call a channeler or one
who is channeling is
receiving and interpreting
streams of consciousness
or awareness
that you verbalize so
that many others can
understand beyond just the
frequency or the sound.
But it is more than anything, as
we have said to you, a feeling.
It's a feeling.
So dimensions of consciousness
are not vastly different.
You will feel and
experience things
in different dimensions
of consciousness.
We know there are some that talk
about even higher dimensions
of sixth, seventh eighth, 12th.
And while all that
is well and good
and we do not
disagree in any way
that there are multiple
dimensions of consciousness,
we bring it forth
at this time so
that you begin to
understand what
is emerging in your
human experience
in a way that metaphorically
helps your brain to determine
why you often find yourself
in such a different state
when you are in the
same room with someone.
You are not in a different
place, but you are.
You're in a different
state of consciousness
even though you're
sitting in the same room.
They can be in fear and
suffering and overwhelm,
and you can be in a
dimension of consciousness,
feeling, and directing
the peace within you.
Feeling joyful and
free and not even
in judgment of where they are.
Oftentimes the thing that trips
you up in the human experience
is what you often
refer to as empathy.
When you find yourself in
a higher state of awareness
or consciousness, you know
that this person or being who
is perceivable suffering in that
moment is what you would say,
full of sorrow or fear.
And you try to go down
into their dimension
of consciousness and
pull them or drag them
up to where you are.
And you kindhearted
beings that you are,
we understand why you
do this, but to stay
in a state of compassion
is to keep your heart open,
to focus your presence,
to hold and create
a space where you expand
the state of consciousness
that you're in or the light
around you that it makes it
easier for someone else
to remember their way back
to the light or back to
the truth of who they are.
But not because you need
to fix them or save them.
You cannot get sick enough
to make a sick person well,
and you cannot get sad enough
to make a sad person happy.
It's a different state
of consciousness.
So we want you to
be aware that what
you call a new Earth or a heaven
on Earth or a fifth dimension
or higher states
of consciousness
are here for you now.
And for most all of you
that are listening to this
or will ever listen to this,
part of why you're here
is to bring heaven to Earth,
to move light into form.
Peace, joy, abundance,
freedom, harmony, well-being
in your world.
They are not shooting peace
down from lightning bolts
on some other planet.
They are not putting
bags of joy in craft
and dropping it down to you.
They aren't.
You are here to be
the joy in the world.
peace in the world.
And you are here
to be the change
you wish to see in
the world, but not
by trying to get everyone
to agree with you.
>> Right.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So I kind of wanted to
make an example of myself,
something I am going through
right now to help me.
And a lot was said
today, so I think
we can apply a lot from
what was said today,
and I'm already
seeing this situation
through a different lens.
But in the past, I've had--
I think all of us has and
I'll sort of generalize--
but I can go into
more specifics if you
need to work with that energy.
We've all had people in
our past that causes--
or we say they cause us
problems or give us a hard time.
And in this case,
business affairs having--
>> Be specific.
OK.
So there's this guy in my
life that had some business
dealings with, and it
was a pretty bumpy ride,
and we parted ways.
And once I parted ways, it was
like a big weight lifted off
my shoulder.
And I started focusing on
this energy and these things.
But every now and then, that
guy just pops back into my life
all of a sudden for thinking
that I've cleared this energy
and that I'm not going
to give it attention.
I'm assuming-- actually,
I'm not assuming,
I know for sure there's a reason
this guy keeps popping back
in my life.
It's to put my attention
and focus on something.
But is it even--
>> To help you transcend the
limitation that you have made
your truth.
>> Right.
>> So what is it that you want?
>> Well, I'm just wondering--
because in my frame of mind,
I feel like I've already
transcended that energy.
Obviously I haven't because
he wouldn't be showing up.
>> What do you feel
when he shows up?
Resentment, shame, guilt, anger?
>> A little bit of
little bit of anger.
Yeah.
>> So what's the anger?
>> The anger is--
>> Did he wrong you?
>> Sort of the wronged me thing.
>> He wronged you in what way?
>> It's difficult
to go into the--
>> Financially?
>> Financially in a company.
>> Did you have a
contract, an agreement?
>> We had an agreement.
Agreements were broken,
that kind of thing.
And integrity was not used.
>> So let's ask you something.
So did you have any
intuition when you entered
into an agreement with him
that maybe you shouldn't?
>> Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
>> So this is forgiveness.
>> Yes.
>> Not of him.
>> Right.
>> This is you.
>> Forgiving you for
betraying your own soul,
your own higher awareness.
>> Right.
>> When you thought that the
only way to get what you wanted
was to muscle through
this feeling or intuition.
>> Right.
>> That you could
outwork it, outsmart it.
>> Yep.
>> And this is why when people
ask us why they don't feel like
they are getting the guidance
they want or the intuition they
want, it's because
in moments like this,
when you go against
your own knowing,
you betray a bit
of your own soul,
and there is shame in that.
>> Yeah.
Absolutely.
>> And that shame and guilt
is the emotion that most often
keeps you in
density or in heavy,
dense emotional states
on allowing your energy.
So this is about forgiving you.
So he is from the
highest perspective,
there is only love between you
and any of those rotten buggers
out there that have
wronged you in your life.
There is only love.
So to dislike
someone, especially
someone that you have
known and enjoyed
even a few moments
of happiness with--
>> Sure.
>> Never feels very good.
And when you're in a
state like you are,
it doesn't feel very
good to be unresolved.
But you often try to
resolve it on the level
by which the trauma
and drama was created.
If you would-- first off, are
you willing to play with us?
>> Let's play.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
>> So close your eyes.
>> OK.
>> And allow the situation
to come to your mind,
in your brain, just
let it be there.
And give it a picture,
as if you were
going to play it out
on a movie screen
so you can see the situation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In your mind, see
the image of it.
Now with your eyes closed,
hold out your hand,
with your palm face up.
And with your eyes closed,
just in your awareness,
we want you to move this
image from your head
down into your hand.
And just see this image of
this scene with this person
and move it into the
palm of your hand.
And now with your
eyes closed, just
imagine that you can see it
in the palm of your hand.
Can you see that?
>> Uh-huh.
>> You see it in the
palm of your hand?
>> I do.
>> Is it smaller now?
>> Yes.
>> Much smaller?
>> But that's OK.
Size of it doesn't
matter so much,
but just your awareness of how
you've moved it out from you
automatically makes it a
much smaller situation.
Now, we want you to bless it
from your big, powerful point
of presence and
the love that you
are, this teeny, tiny
little thing in your hand.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Bless it.
Thank it for the gift
it has given you.
Say anything else
you need to say.
And when you're ready, raise
your palm up towards the light,
and imagine the
brightest light you
have ever seen coming
down from above you.
Coming all the way down,
flowing down like liquid light
into the palm of your hand.
And the light is all around you.
Your entire hand and this image
is now immersed in the light.
And as you raise your
palm a little higher
and you feel the light
coming all the way
down over your wrist, down your
arm, down through your elbow,
all the way down to
the ground beneath you,
the light focusing more
powerfully than ever before,
brighter.
And this entire image is
now completely immersed
in the light.
And as you notice, it begins
to dissipate into the light,
until piece by piece by
a little pot of matter,
by little particle,
every single particle
has now reemerged
into the light.
And all that you see in the
palm of your hand is the light.
Do you feel that?
>> Yeah.
>> So it's gone.
And if you do not go back
into the story or the shame
or the blame, you
have transcended
this experience back into the
truth, which is into the light.
And so when you're ready, say
the words, "I am forgiven."
>> I am forgiven.
>> All is forgiven.
>> There is only love.
>> Do you feel that?
>> Mm-hm.
>> So you can do this
any time with anything.
It doesn't take very long.
But if you take a moment and
really allow yourself to--
allow yourself the courage.
The courage to see more deeply
what this is really about,
most people are so--
much of their focus
and their attention
is on what they're
triggered about.
And it's out there, and
they're powerless to change it,
and they're powerless
to control it,
and they're powerless to
keep it away from them.
And so you continue to
perpetuate that powerlessness,
and in that pushing against it,
you draw to you the very thing.
>> Absolutely.
>> But when you
take a few moments--
this is the real work.
This is what is meant
by the word "work."
Our teachings are
simple if you do them.
But this is the real work.
Take a few moments and do it.
And see-- hold that
compassionate space
for yourself and have the
courage to really see--
really see what it's about.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Well, thank you for sharing
your wisdom and working me
through the visualizations and
sharing all of this information
to the collective.
It's a true joy,
and I'm glad to be
a channel in my way, in our way,
in this co-creative experience.
So thank you so much.
>> Indeed.
We just remind you
of one simple thing--
as you are going through
your life experience, what
would serve all of you is
to experience and open more
to your own power, your
own energy, your own light.
And you do that in doing the
things that bring you joy,
being in nature, being
with your loved ones,
creating, writing,
music, animals.
Allow yourself to do the
things that bring you joy.
You will naturally open and be
in a state of allowing and more
in the flow.
Also finding it-- and it's
so simple that oftentimes you
want that more difficult way.
But as you go deeper
into the moment
and begin to feel it
expand, and you're
more aware of where you continue
to enforce your limitation
versus empower yourself
to be all that you are.
In your daily life, when
you find yourself triggered
or reacting or in
resistance or in judgment,
teach your body to stop
and become present.
What is it that you want?
And more importantly, what
is it that you want to feel?
And take three seconds,
five seconds, a minute, five
minutes, and really feel it.
And you will see your ability
to transcend all the unwanted
without having to fight
or push against it,
but to align with the
truth and the power
and the energy that is you.
And then focus that in
the force field, which is
the environment all around you.
That's where reality is
being created for you.
You understand?
>> I understand.
Thank you.
>> Indeed.
>> Beautiful.
>> We have enjoyed this
interaction with you so very
much, our friend.
We remind you, you are
everything you wish to be.
You already are.
You are free to be
all that you are.
We love you, we love you,
we love you, and so it is.
And with that, we are complete.
>> Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
How is that?
>> Awesome.
>> Very good.
Lots of good wisdom
drops in there
and good knowledge, good stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you.
My pleasure.
I really appreciate it.
>> Sweet.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks, guys.
How's our cameras?
Perfect.
[MUSIC PLAYING]